[TW-523] Procedure lead in sentences (#4385)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/sending-requests/variables.md

<img alt="Unresolved variable" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/unresolved-variable-v9.jpg" width="700px"/>

To check if the variable is available and in scope for the request, do the following:

1. Select one of the **collection** or **globals** links. To turn on an environment, use the **select an **environment** link.
1. Turn on or make the necessary changes to the value of the variable.
1. Select <img alt="Save icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-save.jpg#icon" width="16px"> **Save** to confirm your changes.

> To set an unresolved variable that doesn't exist, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set a variable that's unresolved because it doesn't exist, do the following:
```
